v1.1 - import classes from psr/log 1.1, compatible with psr/log 2.0 and 3.0 (#6)
php-fig/log-util: README.md

# PSR - Log Util
Utilities for the [`psr/log`][] package that backs the [PSR-3][] specification.

 * `Psr\Log\Test\LoggerInterfaceTest` provides a base test class for ensuring compliance with the LoggerInterface.
 * `Psr\Log\Test\TestLogger` is a mock class for testing purposes.

## Installation

This package should be used only for tests.

> For PHP 8.0+, you may remove support for older versions of `psr/log`:

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is a good suggestion. Leaving compatibility for older versions makes the package backward compatible, so I would leave at least `^2.0`

```json
{
  "require": {
    "php": ">=8.0",
    "psr/log": "^3.0"
  },
  "require-dev": {
    "psr/log-utils": "^1.1"
  }
}
```

> If the project supports older versions of PHP, you can accept all versions:

Reviewer: I would add a small note saying that having a concrete class support all 3 of them is not so straightforward.

```json
{
  "require": {
    "psr/log": "^1.1.14 | ^2.0 | ^3.0"
  },
  "require-dev": {
    "psr/log-utils": "^1.0"
  }
}
```

## Versions

> The version of `psr/log-utils` installed varies with the version of `psr/log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of `psr/log-utils` required depends on the version of `psr/log` that you are using:
```

Author: I'd like to make clear that this is the version that composer decides to install after dependency resolution. Not the versions that are set in the `require` section of `composer.json`.

| psr/log    | psr/log-utils |                                                 |
|------------|---------------|-------------------------------------------------|

> | ^1.1.14    | 1.0.*         | Empty package, classes a provided by `psr/log`. |
> | ^2.0\|^3.0 | ^1.1          | Import classes removed from `psr/log`.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `^1.1.0`    | `1.0.*`         | Empty package, classes are provided by `psr/log`. |
| `^2.0|^3.0` | `^1.1`          | Imports test classes removed from `psr/log`.          |
```
